[Music]
we are leading the way in the greatest
human advancement of all time the
technology running through his veins
augments his strength his reflexes even
his healing capability
he's unlike anything we've seen before
and he's entirely in our control
commencing memory fabrication next
mission in three two one
and initiate sequence
what am I doing here you've got yourself
killed
thinking of the second chance
you have an army inside you I call an a
nice
they rebuilt you those are in my blood
there are your blood
welcome to your future
I have a nightmare
[Music]
I've been manipulating you
what you think is real sometimes ain't I
had a wife and two children for me
[Music]
who turned me into a weapon
they're getting Kenny no chance to blow
oh man
[Music]
you